---------------------------------------------------------------- Settings and steps need to do to make a secure computer --------------------------------------------------------------

VISIT "COMPUTER MANAGEMENT" for System Tools, Task Scheduler, Event Viewver, Shared Folders, Local Users Groups, Performance, Device Manager, Disk Management, Services and Applications 

1) Types of Accounts:

      - Admistration account 
            "The Administrator account is the first account that is created during the Windows installation. 
            The Administrator account has full control of the files, directories, services, and other resources on the local device. 
            The Administrator account can create other local users, assign user rights, and assign permissions"

      - Standard User Account
            "A standard user account is designed for day-to-day computing. You can't do complicated system tweaks with it, but you can still perform everyday tasks without any issues.

      - Power user
            " A power user has expertise with one or more operating systems and a variety of applications. 
            Power users are often able to perform operations by typing commands on the command line in desktop and laptop operating systems."

      - Guest account
            The Guest account has the following restrictions:
            It does not have a password, and you cannot set one for it.
            You cannot use it to install programs, universal apps or hardware devices.
            It can use only the applications that were already installed on the PC when the Guest account was enabled.

2) Account Lookout
      "The Account lockout threshold policy setting determines the number of failed sign-in attempts that will cause a user account to be locked. 
      A locked account can't be used until you reset it or until the number of minutes specified by the Account lockout duration policy setting expires."

3) Passwords
      Complexity
      History
      Age
      Length

4) User account control (UAC)
      Least privilege
      Settings

5) Enable "user account control settings" as "always notify me either i make changes or any application in my computer" by following the bellow path:
      Control Panel\User Accounts\User Accounts\user account control settings

6) Disable Mics and Cameras in "DEVICE MANAGER" if needed for increasing more security.

7) Computer Management >> Local Users and Groups

